# AssistLink
This is for Assignment of BIT216 - Software Engineering Principles for Semester JANUARY 2022

### HELP Aid
Due to the covid-19 pandemic and extended lockdowns, there is much economic hardship faced by 
communities all over the world. Fortunately, many initiatives have been developed to help such as the “White 
Flag” and “Kita Jaga Kita” movements (Tan and Khoo, 2021; Mohammad Radhi, 2021). These initiatives 
aim to deliver aid whether in the form of cash, food or services to the underprivileged.
HELP Aid is an information system that has been proposed to manage the registration of aid applicants and 
organizations that are helping them. Donors who want to contribute can then find information about the 
various organizations and their appeals for aid and make contributions which are either cash donations or 
goods. Donor information is not captured, however the organizations would have to record the contributions 
received and the disbursements given
  
 ### Use Cases
 #### Manage Organisation (Iteration 1)
 To allow the HELP Aid Admin to manage Organizations and their representatives.
 #### Register Applicant (Iteration 1)
 To allow the Organization Representative to register Aid Applicants
 #### Record Contribution (Iteration 2)
 To record contributions from Donors. 
 #### Record Aid Disbursement (Iteration 2)
 To record disbursement of aid to applicants. 
 #### Organise Aid Appeal (Iteration 2)
 To allow the Organization Representative to record a new appeal for Aid. 
 #### View Appeals (Iteration 2)
 To allow Donors to view appeals for Aid
 
 ### Requirements
 #### Functional Requirements
 - Help Aid Admin to able to register Organization and Representative to the system
 - Applicant username and password can be generated by the system
 - Applicant can apply registration to certain organization
 - System can upload multiple documents for the Applicant.  
 - After choosing and appeal and before record an aid disbursement, the representative can see applicant’s documents.  
 - Donor can view can see not only current appeals but also can see past appeals.  
 - Organization Representative are able to register applicant to the system
 - When the Organization Representative account created, password must be auto generated and sent to registered email address.
 - The Representative can choose appealID to see the list of contributions which donated to the appeal.

 #### Non-Functional Requirements
 - Appeal’s fromDate must be before the toDate.
 - Passwords should be stored in encrypted form.
 - Disbursement date must not be future date.
 - Display pages dynamically.
 - The website should be able to be responsive to multiple devices 

### Technologies we used
HTML / CSS / Bootstrap / Java Script, Vue JS / PHP, Laravel / MySQL
